slip no 16 Q1. Write a java program to create 
a TreeSet, add some colors (String) and print 
out the
 content of TreeSet in ascending order
 */
 package com.mycompany.javaslip;
 import java.util.*;
 public class slip16_1
       
{
    public static void main(String[] args) {
        Set<String> colors = new TreeSet<>();
       
        colors.add("Red");
        colors.add("Blue");
        colors.add("Green");
        colors.add("Yellow");
        colors.add("Black");
       
        System.out.println(colors);
    }
 }
 /*
 slip no 16 Q2 Write a Java program to accept 
the details of Teacher (TNo, TName, Subject). 
Insert at
 least 5 Records into Teacher Table and 
display the details of Teacher who is 
teaching
 “JAVA” Subject. (Use PreparedStatement 
Interface)
 */
 package com.mycompany.javaslip;
 import java.sql.*;
 import java.util.Scanner;
 class Teacher {
    Teacher() throws SQLException, 
SQLException {
        Connection conn = 
DriverManager.getConnection("jdbc:postgresql:
 //localhost:5432/postgres", "postgres", 
"postgres");
       
        for(int i=0; i<5; i++)
            insert(conn);
       
        select(conn);
    }
    private void insert(Connection conn) 
throws SQLException {
        String sql = "insert into teacher 
values(?, ?, ?)";
 PreparedStatement ps = 
conn.prepareStatement(sql);
       
        Scanner sc = new Scanner(System.in);
       
        System.out.println("Enter tno:");
        ps.setInt(1, sc.nextInt());
        sc.nextLine();
       
        System.out.println("Enter tname:");
        ps.setString(2, sc.nextLine());
       
        System.out.println("Enter subject:");
        ps.setString(3, sc.nextLine());
       
        ps.executeUpdate();
    }
    private void select(Connection conn) 
throws SQLException {
        String sql = "select * from teacher 
where subject = 'java'";
       
        Statement stmt = 
conn.createStatement();
       
        ResultSet rs = 
stmt.executeQuery(sql);
        while(rs.next()) {
 System.out.println("teacher tno: 
" + rs.getInt("tno"));
            System.out.println("teacher 
tname: " + rs.getString("tname"));
            System.out.println("teacher 
subject: " + rs.getString("subject"));
        }
    }
 }
 public class slip16_2
 {
    public static void main(String[] args) 
throws SQLException {
        new Teacher();
    }
 }
